So, it depends on what your rank is but the people that are above you,
they're the ones who kind of tell you what it is you're supposed to
be doing. So, if you're one of the lower pay grades, then, in the morning,
you kind of just sit around and you wait for them to pass out
the work to everyone. A Chief will come in and say, "Okay you're on
pumps today, you're on valves today, you're fixing the drains today,
you're in the bilge today." Chiefs are the ones who actually tell
people what to do. So, they don't need to be told what it is they're
supposed to be doing because they only have one job, which is to hand
out the work. On the other hand, Officers, has basically the same
pay grade, the same direction of flow. So, for instance, an O1, O2,
O3, they're told by the higher level people who they're supposed to
be managing, "You're supposed to be tagging along with these people",
or I think for Officers, their main goal is just to be, to train
themselves. So, they hang out in their room or they hang out down in
the plants, just studying. So, Officers have a lot more opportunity
to self-study. Enlisted people, they will know exactly what they're
doing for the first two or three years of their career.